Caption: go on so okay go on um first off just
Caption: like Civic thanks to sponsors that's
Caption: been said a few times this morning but
Caption: it's really true you start with vents
Caption: couldn't happen without them so thanks
Caption: again I'd also like to say thanks the
Caption: DDD Persky might come over from
Caption: Melbourne today and they've been super
Caption: helpful about organising things make
Caption: sure got plenty of and fluent know what
Caption: to do
Caption: and thanks to anyone in the room they
Caption: voted to get me to talk about basically
Caption: one of my pet projects and doing it work
Caption: at the moment and thank you all for
Caption: coming along for this stuff there's a
Caption: lot of great talks on today's so you can
Caption: know when to anyone thank you very much
Caption: for coming on this one so I'm going to
Caption: talk a bit but like I face a bit of a
Caption: pet project for me at the moment
Caption: something I'm doing at work at the site
Caption: of work that will explain that a little
Caption: bit at the moment that's building a
Caption: conversational user interface prior to
Caption: this to quit your hands who'd actually
Caption: heard of the term conversational user
Caption: interface oh good okay cool so probably
Caption: the most point please - starts with an
Caption: introduction my name is Norman noble I'm
Caption: just through those aren't aware normal
Caption: name is typically sent to find them
Caption: something's under seven eight years old
Caption: so if you're expecting and all the guide
Caption: that that's me it's the name of god and
Caption: i work at a company in Melbourne called
Caption: seek or rather a headquarters or
Caption: Melbourne but we're actually in about 14
Caption: different countries around the world
Caption: it's a great company um they have a kind
Caption: of purpose that they talk a lot about
Caption: we're helping people have fulfilling in
Caption: and meaningful careers and helping
Caption: company succeed I work is what's called
Caption: a technical practice manager there so a
Caption: lot of different things really but I
Caption: guess what really means is I get to
Caption: spend all day every day hanging out and
Caption: working with a bunch of really talented
Caption: passionate veneers so it's basically a
Caption: bit of a dream job for me there's no
Caption: toilet where an email I don't actively
Caption: tweet are more of a lurker than I can't
Caption: review but um I might throw up some
Caption: links if anyone asks about some of the
Caption: stuff I'm gonna show on this later on
Caption: and if there's any questions you can
Caption: ping me on my email address and I'm
Caption: happy respond so probably first thing
Caption: I'll cover office was this conversation
Caption: user interface - is there like about
Caption: 50/50 split who's heard of it before
Caption: now just looking around this whole bunch
Caption: of definitions this is one I found out
Caption: quite like cam nugatory program but
Caption: effectively what a conversational user
Caption: interface if you think about the
Caption: relationship we've had with computers
Caption: over the years basically has been
Caption: completely on their terms we communicate
Caption: with them in a way that works for them
Caption: we learn the quickly little languages a
Caption: lot commands we learn their interfaces
Caption: it's all completely their ways they
Caption: needed to happen a conversational use
Caption: interface what's that right a little bit
Caption: where they have to learn how to talk in
Caption: our terms effectively they have to learn
Caption: natural English or whatever language
Caption: you're actually talking in and they also
Caption: tend to exhibit the behavior of
Caption: mimicking a human like a really good
Caption: conversational user interface and should
Caption: be indistinguishable from a human um
Caption: generally they're kind of separated into
Caption: two broad areas at the moment the first
Caption: ones voice assistant so I'm sure
Caption: probably the vast majority have got a
Caption: voice assistant of sorts in your pocket
Caption: Siri Google no propeller appear that way
Caption: in claims and that LX is not really big
Caption: in Australia it's part of the Amazon
Caption: echo platform but it's one as well
Caption: so it's quite telling that like four out
Caption: of five billion ad companies in the
Caption: world and women are investing in this
Caption: area and actually developing this it's
Caption: an okay area I mean personally at you
Caption: can published an Australian so if me
Caption: even a theory is actually a lot more
Caption: challenging than most people I usually
Caption: have to seen an Australian accent to
Caption: actually get to do anything for me and
Caption: also I find they're a bit clunky I'm
Caption: never quite sure what they can do for me
Caption: most of the time actually just it's like
Caption: cooking barbecue stuff like set timer a
Caption: few minutes that's about the extent I
Caption: actually use voice assistance for the
Caption: other category falls under chat box and
Caption: that's what I'm going to talk a lot of
Caption: that vote today now but when thinking
Caption: about chat BOTS I don't want to get
Caption: confused with the different types of
Caption: chat box there are chat BOTS exist and
Caption: like slack and what's up there other
Caption: platforms where you're basically issuing
Caption: splash command just a and slash you this
Caption: last you that and that's more of a
Caption: command-line interface in a chat
Caption: platform that's not really what I'm
Caption: talking about when I talk about
Caption: conversational user interfaces and what
Caption: I mean is something that you actually
Caption: engage with as you would a person and
Caption: you initiate a conversation and it then
Caption: talks and communicates with you to get
Caption: more information out of you before
Caption: finally going off and doing a task so
Caption: there the common ones at the moment
Caption: stack what's up messenger Skype WeChat
Caption: so why do they want to build one and
Caption: like I say I mentioned of the Devourer
Caption: pet project um and when I was try to
Caption: think about this for the presentation
Caption: what were the reasons that I actually
Caption: wanted to build this and I kind of group
Caption: them roughly into categories and there's
Caption: the personal reasons and then there's
Caption: the professional reasons so we're going
Caption: to cover two pair the personal reasons
Caption: first off they're being called Norman
Caption: growing up in the 90s have unit
Caption: computers just had nerd written all over
Caption: me it was unavoidable so you know then
Caption: all the usual things Star Trek Dungeons
Caption: and Dragons all that kind of stuff and I
Caption: remember around about I can't remember
Caption: exactly playing right about 1985 when
Caption: the new series of Star Trek The Next
Caption: Generation came out and I remember
Caption: watching that when my dad and you super
Caption: enthusiastic about he's talking about
Caption: the old Star Trek sitting down and watch
Caption: it and you know there's just a whole
Caption: bunch of things you know fast and light
Caption: ships
Caption: huddle at holodecks klingon working with
Caption: them ed who's over to stuff but the
Caption: thing really stuck out for me was the
Caption: concept of Star Trek computer they kind
Caption: of just like dropped it in there
Caption: matter-of-factly where people could just
Caption: wander about this ship is there anything
Caption: like computer tell me I don't know
Caption: making some supercomputer do this
Caption: computer to that and that part like
Caption: really stuck with me I mean I remember
Caption: at the time trying to father my how
Caption: could something like that possibly work
Caption: how would it know that you were talking
Caption: to it and trying to give an instruction
Caption: over referring to it in some other part
Caption: conversation so kind of Star Trek
Caption: definitely it was a big influence on on
Caption: me and that's our stuff so that that was
Caption: something I was really interested in
Caption: that's the Star Trek breakfast yeah and
Caption: more recently I guess probably back in
Caption: March I read an article about Jill
Caption: Watson as a read this article by Joe
Caption: Watson anybody nobody okay cool that's
Caption: not Jill Watson
Caption: that's am that's tomorrow over say
Caption: that's professor ash got a shock well I
Caption: think he pronounced it's a French name
Caption: 100% I think that's how you pronounce it
Caption: and he's a concise professor at Georgia
Caption: Tech and this state's um he runs
Caption: obviously the computer science program
Caption: there and the article this we like
Caption: spoiling what was about was around about
Caption: how over the course of the year with 300
Caption: students he has to feel the roundabouts
Caption: and I could actually be the number at
Caption: the double check that the 10,000 queries
Caption: over the year from the students and it
Caption: comes on online forums girls or minors
Caption: and things silly things like you know
Caption: when is this paper due
Caption: what do we need to know about this and
Caption: interestingly all the information is
Caption: actually available as seq s and a lot of
Caption: the web material that nobody actually
Caption: uses that they still just email this guy
Caption: so obviously over the years he's
Caption: developed a program that allows them to
Caption: deal with this he has what's called
Caption: eight TAS or technical systems okay and
Caption: I think there latter year students that
Caption: basically it goes toward extra credits
Caption: where they perform was a technical
Caption: system so these guys do the bulk of the
Caption: work and a lot of it is fairly mundane
Caption: um last year they had a new technical
Caption: assistant called Jill Watson and she
Caption: quickly got a reputation for being
Caption: really good like and quick answer really
Caption: quickly no matter when did or night and
Caption: always had the correct answer and
Caption: actually started answering questions
Caption: issued by the other TAS they were like I
Caption: don't know about this Angela typing I
Caption: actually I do this is what it is and you
Caption: know everyone was raving about Jill
Caption: Watson how great job she was doing and
Caption: the funny thing was nobody could be a
Caption: face to whoo Jill Watson actually was
Caption: and then some people started creating it
Caption: and actually turned that Jill Watson was
Caption: IBM Watson running in the background and
Caption: that this guy had run our trial program
Caption: I had to dig a bit deeper to get the
Caption: details on it but what they'd actually
Caption: done is for the first three months of
Caption: the year
Caption: Watson had actually just been monitoring
Caption: the flow of questions and the material
Caption: it was coming through and it was working
Caption: at how bad
Caption: answer it now it started off not great
Caption: and it was but it progressively got
Caption: better and better once it got to the
Caption: point where it was answering questions
Caption: with 97% of certainty and it was a
Caption: correct answer they just Unleashed it
Caption: and it was a raging success I think
Caption: maybe one student who worked at it might
Caption: be a ball or a any I program work from
Caption: the background so that was a really cool
Caption: story not going to Reese Park my kind of
Caption: other stuff cool and I want to look at
Caption: and I guess kinda I've always sort of
Caption: weirdly been interested in this human
Caption: machine relationship I mean I don't know
Caption: about you guys I get very attached to my
Caption: hardware I have fear of winked and
Caption: smiled at my Mac a few things but you
Caption: know and then every story is about like
Caption: US military are divided in the US
Caption: military and the story about bomb
Caption: disposal team data a giant body both
Caption: extended and they like physical robots
Caption: and they dismantle bombs and this robot
Caption: had X amount of successful dismantles
Caption: and the team had just grown super
Caption: attached it had a name that decorated it
Caption: and bombs things starting to break down
Caption: it was a machine so I had to go back for
Caption: servicing and what the team was super
Caption: adamant get that ball like that exact
Caption: one comes back to us don't swap out for
Caption: another one it has to be that ball so
Caption: it's kind of shows that the
Caption: relationships people build up with
Caption: technology is actually in this weird
Caption: transition period so yeah it's just an
Caption: interesting really obviously if I just
Caption: said all that work and said hey I'd like
Caption: to build a conversation or user
Caption: interface I be told was insane and told
Caption: no so I kind of had to start thinking
Caption: about how I could apply this in a sort
Caption: of practical context as I mentioned at
Caption: the start I work for seek and I guess
Caption: one of the things I thought that
Caption: conversational user interfaces were
Caption: particularly good at was taking hi I
Caption: guess how we say hi friction add
Caption: difficult tasks and making them easy to
Caption: execute so that's a bit of my but what I
Caption: mean by that is am something that would
Caption: ordinarily have a lot of stats and you
Caption: have a very large involvement with and
Caption: it's frustrating you can actually do
Caption: quite simply and with a conversational
Caption: user interface so I looked around at
Caption: some of the practical things that I
Caption: could do without and one of them came
Caption: out and was great obvious looking means
Caption: I don't know
Caption: how how many means you guys have to go
Caption: and my job I have to go a lot means of
Caption: course to organize along Inc and it's
Caption: it's one of the biggest beans of my life
Caption: I hate doing it and basically if I have
Caption: a meeting with four or five people at
Caption: don't look at again your appointment I
Caption: have to add them into the calendar I
Caption: then get the stretch their availability
Caption: and have to comb through and look for a
Caption: slot that matches everything you know
Caption: the stars align greatly and I think
Caption: great fun to slot and I think I forgot
Caption: to add the room and go in and add the
Caption: room and that we can't do that slots and
Caption: then that back to help us look at it
Caption: it's really painful that's before five
Caption: people when it's large 30 people
Caption: meetings that can get it becomes out who
Caption: the hell so i actually so conceptually
Caption: what am i trying to do here all the one
Caption: to do is organize a meeting all i want
Caption: to say is to wherever can you booked a
Caption: meeting with these four people at the
Caption: next available flow that's all i want to
Caption: do so i thought that was actually a
Caption: potential candidate for actually
Caption: converting into something in a
Caption: conversational user interface well
Caption: another area that we have some
Caption: challenges in at seek is feedback so the
Caption: two case types of feedback there's a
Caption: feedback that you give people day to day
Caption: you know hey good job well done and
Caption: there's a feedback that happens as part
Caption: of your performance review so we use a
Caption: system at work called work day and it's
Caption: okay it does your job but the way that
Caption: you actually give people feedback or get
Caption: feedback in that you kinda have to open
Caption: up chrome going a workday search for the
Caption: person find the button that says give
Caption: feedback and it's very a weight of
Caption: submenu somewhere i can never remember
Caption: where it is so I just don't because
Caption: that's just painful and then likewise
Caption: when should be asked me for feedback
Caption: Africa's through a similar process so
Caption: I'm not fan of it and what that means is
Caption: you get to the end of the year and you
Caption: know you're talking about the end of
Caption: your performance review and let's talk
Caption: about all the feedback you got nobody's
Caption: got a so they what happens is you get
Caption: this tidal wave of feedback requests
Caption: coming through and I have to and it's
Caption: like can you please give me some
Caption: feedback on that project we worked on
Caption: nine months ago it's like no I can't
Caption: remember
Caption: think about that to be honest so you
Caption: know really all I actually want to do is
Caption: at the point in time when it happens
Caption: give something say hey it just worked
Caption: with Dave on this project he did an
Caption: awesome job I just like to give us some
Caption: positive feedback are words that thanks
Caption: but the system we use at the moment - so
Caption: nobody does it so I thought about maybe
Caption: another potential candidate for a
Caption: conversational user interface and then
Caption: the last one there's I'm sure you go to
Caption: have many companies you know there's
Caption: little magic questions we have boards up
Caption: the tails all sorts of things like where
Caption: guy shows how to log in to the VPN but
Caption: nobody uses them it is usually we jump
Caption: on our chat platform where you use them
Caption: there's one or two guys that basically
Caption: the guys that you always ask where do I
Caption: get that either from hydrating solace
Caption: where's the key for this so so actually
Caption: you know this is potentially something
Caption: that maybe take a little famine a bit in
Caption: the vein of what was going on with fair
Caption: Jane Watson so that was kind of personal
Caption: reasons and I guess these are the
Caption: professional uses these things that's
Caption: all I can I can work into my actual work
Caption: with me so far
Caption: cool so building a prototype again I
Caption: can't necessarily just decide that I'm
Caption: going to do this and I've got regular
Caption: work to do as well but luckily it's eke
Caption: we run biannual hackathons I think a lot
Caption: of companies are doing this now I think
Caption: it's a great way to kind of flesh out
Caption: ideas like this and actually get some
Caption: traction but yeah we run a biannual
Caption: hackathon and if you're not familiar
Caption: with the form of a hackathon effectively
Caption: just before you have a date and time
Caption: it's going to take place and people
Caption: start pitching ideas and the ideas are
Caption: around internal efficiencies or making
Caption: things better for our clients and it's
Caption: open to the whole company people can
Caption: just submit ideas and and then we have
Caption: like what's called the pitch pulpit
Caption: where the people whose idea is gets up
Caption: and they make a heartfelt pitch about
Caption: what they're trying to do in the
Caption: Triangle I need technical reversal to do
Caption: this I need marketing people can do that
Caption: so that was a perfect opportunity for me
Caption: to actually sort of spread my idea and
Caption: get him into have a look at and we had a
Caption: three day hack where basically just do
Caption: all regular work to one site and you
Caption: have three days dedicated to work on
Caption: so they're great for my ex-cons and
Caption: we've actually not quite yet sitcom five
Caption: percent of our audience in the moment or
Caption: gang or brand-new and what's called
Caption: homepage and search for search engine
Caption: results page and that is the bread
Caption: directly of a hackathon that was a react
Caption: project like a while back when we're
Caption: just looking at react so you know it
Caption: actually does make it to food production
Caption: systems so obviously I had the kind of
Caption: time to do I had the people that were
Caption: interested in doing I have to think well
Caption: if we're going to do this sort of thing
Caption: how are we actually going to build is
Caption: seek and first of all cloud to kind of
Caption: work out you know what platforms that's
Caption: going to be on now you know things like
Caption: Siri and that I just thought why I don't
Caption: get all mostly that well anyway and I
Caption: don't think that would actually work for
Caption: this type of format but what is really
Caption: prevalent to seek is slack because using
Caption: slack as one of their work half okay if
Caption: you're not using I really recommend
Caption: looking at it's become an integral part
Caption: to the way we do things that speak I
Caption: mean literally from teams just
Caption: collaborating to wider teens
Caption: collaborating to the I guess one of the
Caption: great things looks like is the
Caption: integration of tools that you actually
Caption: get it tells us when our builds are
Caption: broken it tells us when the eyes are
Caption: starting to wobble a little bit um is a
Caption: really great tool so that year was
Caption: everyone in the company on black anyway
Caption: that'd be a perfect place to actually
Caption: have something like this and initially
Caption: we started looking at just working
Caption: against the role a slack API which was
Caption: workable but it's actually quite
Caption: challenging it was more focused around
Caption: concepts that were familiar as slack so
Caption: like messages and streams and sessions
Caption: and stuff that I didn't really want to
Caption: have to think about because they weren't
Caption: related to the kind of thing that was
Caption: trying to build so we did that for a
Caption: little bit not you're getting along okay
Caption: and then we came across I'm really
Caption: started to terrible logo and I did look
Caption: really hard but it's just shrunken the
Caption: middle is big blocks it's called Valk
Caption: it's by high DUI and what they've done
Caption: is they've kind of an old abstraction
Caption: around
Caption: well the slack interface and then a
Caption: whole bunch of other ones so basically
Caption: it's a chat platform you can use for
Caption: multiple
Caption: sorry it's a chat library you can use
Caption: from multiple platforms so work great
Caption: and meant that we can start design our
Caption: chat in the system and then if we
Caption: want to move from slack to something
Caption: else a later date we could and it really
Caption: had the concepts of conversation baked
Caption: into so you were thinking about how a
Caption: conversation works rather than try to
Caption: work out mentally how does english
Caption: translate to this black api that goes so
Caption: far and we actually got a really good
Caption: start with that but unfortunately just
Caption: for those two your Cana still a little
Caption: bit limited in terms of the type of
Caption: interface you could descent design was
Caption: still very much based on keyword or
Caption: keyphrase initiation so I had to
Caption: programmatically say use the feedback
Caption: example I want to leave some feedback it
Caption: was a very specific English string and a
Caption: few odd men and you know put slight
Caption: variations on that they're all still
Caption: felt a bit you know it felt very it
Caption: wasn't quite what I thought of when I
Caption: thought I want this thing to understand
Caption: what I'm saying irrespective of the way
Caption: I understood
Caption: so I started exploring natural language
Caption: processors and Shean learning tools that
Caption: did it and I came across a couple and
Caption: was actually gobsmacked about how blue
Caption: barrier they work start using these guys
Caption: Apia are the ones we ended off using in
Caption: the end yeah I'm going to show you a
Caption: little bit in a minute but it's
Caption: phenomenally simple to use and you get
Caption: really good results with it the other
Caption: one that I looked at was what a is wate
Caption: I and they were recently acquired by
Caption: Facebook which can mean Facebook e they
Caption: are really believe in them or they're
Caption: going to just bury them don't know
Caption: what's going to happen there but I
Caption: offered away from those guys because
Caption: they seem to want to keep you on
Caption: platform so you know they wanted to
Caption: manage the conversation they wanted to
Caption: know all the details of what you were
Caption: working on and they kind of have that
Caption: weird pace with what I know everything
Caption: about your vibe about it I just kind of
Caption: avoided them but these guys API AI
Caption: really polished documentation is
Caption: excellent and they're really responsive
Caption: to helping you if you have questions so
Caption: I'm going to try and show you a quick
Caption: demo of the various bits and pieces I'm
Caption: tethered to a phone and I'm hoping that
Caption: everything works
Caption: let's see and then once super-resolution
Caption: here so probably the first thing to show
Caption: you if you haven't seen slacks right and
Caption: also it's ridiculous this is the
Caption: resolution it's not great but building
Caption: that ball and slacks actually reasonably
Caption: trivial you can just jump into end if
Caption: you haven't go slack at work you can
Caption: actually just go sign up for slack
Caption: yourself it doesn't cost you anything
Caption: this is my personal account that I don't
Caption: pay for and it just runs constantly but
Caption: you can jump into there it's going to be
Caption: here and look at acid integrations be
Caption: this responsive and it's changed a lot
Caption: when you manage apps where are we so I'm
Caption: not used to the actual am responsive
Caption: Testament addictions no it's probably
Caption: yeah yeah the excuse me I'm not familiar
Caption: with it responsibly and they're
Caption: effectively there's an option says
Caption: Korean vault and it's literally that you
Caption: just create a ball give that name and it
Caption: gives you an API key that using your
Caption: program so but once you're up and
Caption: running with that and slack you end off
Caption: with the if you actually get back to
Caption: there
Caption: a second oh yeah hmm yeah sorry
Caption: there we go so basically once you create
Caption: that you end up getting one it'll
Caption: disappear here as a character like it
Caption: would with a regular person I'm not very
Caption: inventive I love Marvel Comics
Caption: so my one's called Jarvis um and yeah
Caption: basically that then exists as soon as
Caption: you create it you then take that API key
Caption: and you fire up effectively what is a
Caption: node service and the way I actually
Caption: choose to architect this and it's not
Caption: quite a particular way where I wanted
Caption: this bot to do a whole bunch of things I
Caption: didn't want to have a bot for you have
Caption: to excuse the terrible coders hack code
Caption: so yeah it's all over the place but yeah
Caption: I didn't want this I want this bot to do
Caption: a lot of different things I didn't want
Caption: to have a bot for page review you bought
Caption: for feedback above you know people
Caption: having to remember which fault they had
Caption: to speak to so I just want one that you
Caption: know people could communicate with so I
Caption: can think about how we're going to
Caption: architect it and basically all about
Caption: does like I said earlier is it collect a
Caption: bunch of information increasing it and
Caption: fires against an API so I just organized
Caption: - such a way that it was a service
Caption: running node and basically it monitored
Caption: slack listen for key phrases which was
Caption: the first Pascal trivia and then fired
Caption: off in a library and basically triggered
Caption: the API with the information that it
Caption: collected all the stuff is set up on
Caption: github we've we've made a open source so
Caption: I mean it's not pray as a few hacks but
Caption: feel free lvl to be a link to it you can
Caption: go play with it yourself but effectively
Caption: just skipping quickly through the code I
Caption: don't want to go through it line by line
Caption: but you're just requiring in the bucket
Caption: and a few other bits and pieces and the
Caption: important stuff to look out for is
Caption: spawning up that robot which is here
Caption: determining the events that you actually
Caption: want to tap into so in slack as a
Caption: concept of types of events and the ones
Caption: I want to look out for direct messages
Caption: direct mention dimensions and then I
Caption: tell it to hear everything and then
Caption: effectively does a couple of checks the
Caption: first check is just to make sure that
Caption: it's not hearing itself its nature it's
Caption: not the ball is talking and it also
Caption: ignores the right dimensions of
Caption: direct mention you Bennett wouldn't pick
Caption: up on that actions work out none of
Caption: those two things it scrubs the
Caption: information a little bit does a few
Caption: things that you need to do with bot kits
Caption: but then effectively it will check and
Caption: see if it has this I'd like to leave
Caption: some feedback then execute something
Caption: that's in the library which here's
Caption: feedback that part in here here's
Caption: feedback which we have passing through
Caption: the controller the ball to the message
Caption: and this is where you actually instigate
Caption: the conversational piece of the Heidi
Caption: ball kit so you can actually see bot
Caption: start conversation and then you can see
Caption: a combo don't say the response so like I
Caption: say I'm not going to go through this
Caption: line by line but effectively you get to
Caption: just the Heidi bot kit is the framework
Caption: that's actually used to start maintain
Caption: and build a conversation and it's a
Caption: little bit like writing a choose your
Caption: own adventure story came that you you
Caption: can't have to like work out how the
Caption: story works and that was actually for me
Caption: very but really interesting because some
Caption: of the things that you take for granted
Caption: as a human being in terms of how easily
Caption: you identify what people are saying turn
Caption: out to be super hard to get then on
Caption: codes because it can be so easily
Caption: misinterpreted but like I say I'll tweet
Caption: at the link and you can have a look
Caption: through this code at your own time but
Caption: where'd you go this right here so like I
Caption: say execute and this was the first pass
Caption: of it so this is what I was talking
Caption: about where it was literally just
Caption: matching I'd like to leave some feedback
Caption: so if I actually fire up that guy
Caption: it's gone
Caption: and then I should see it the boss now
Caption: running and I can say things like hi and
Caption: that will ignore me because it doesn't
Caption: know what to do with that and then if I
Caption: say things like leave some feedback so
Caption: that's the exact phrase I've got caught
Caption: isn't the first pass should say no
Caption: problem let me grab a pen and paper
Caption: again part of the trick of these ad chat
Caption: BOTS is try and make them seem really
Caption: human you got a lot of things which
Caption: we'll talk about better the end by by
Caption: being more human with people that what
Caption: you what you're effectively doing here
Caption: is kicking off with a workflow you're
Caption: now engaged in a conversation where you
Caption: can grab a little bits of information
Caption: average so you can see all the the still
Caption: names let's go hungry muscle man me to
Caption: get laid here and the project was a
Caption: hackathon and we have something called
Caption: seek attribute so what they one of the
Caption: most passion and eCos super angry I'm
Caption: just in a lie he did it was really scary
Caption: yeah that is one of our DevOps guiding
Caption: in every one normally does it they yeah
Caption: anyway done that's the only way I can
Caption: think of at the moment determinate
Caption: conversation that might be smart ways to
Caption: do that
Caption: okay ideas received and distinct tell me
Caption: because I'm not missing network you
Caption: can't connect to the API we get I hear
Caption: it replies up all the information in a
Caption: conversational style and then post often
Caption: API they see I sent from the back is a
Caption: great received so this we did a bit of a
Caption: test some people on you know doing this
Caption: on the the workplace system versus doing
Caption: this and overwhelmingly people found us
Caption: like much easier and more inclined to
Caption: use it the challenges we had with this
Caption: unfortunately with the work the API
Caption: didn't work quite in the way that we
Caption: thought it did or the documentation
Caption: suggested so we've actually submit a
Caption: pull request event to fix that and we
Caption: can actually start integrating it so the
Caption: moment and or things that happen to
Caption: leasehold with and the moment we're just
Caption: basically sick and an encrypted database
Caption: need AWS so you can kind of see and we
Caption: you know we had a similar thing where
Caption: where you know we can arrange meetings I
Caption: can stay here like a meeting I'd like
Caption: these people in it and they come back
Caption: and what we do is go up in the
Caption: background and say right I've checked
Caption: your calendar all their calendars and
Caption: meeting them availability and you've got
Caption: these three options which one would you
Caption: like and you can say I'll have that
Caption: meeting room at please and it will just
Caption: now go back and it'll organize me and
Caption: you're getting me in a quest the far
Caption: less friction and organizing meetings we
Caption: came across another little niggle there
Caption: and it's seek when we staff exchange the
Caption: just set up some default settings with
Caption: some things so newbie they are actually
Caption: defined quite a working day was it seek
Caption: so according to the the seek exchange
Caption: cab timeframe our working day started I
Caption: think it was 1 a.m. and finished it like
Caption: 12 p.m. and a lot this was basically
Caption: twice four hours so you send it off to
Caption: the ball and it would come back so yeah
Caption: great I find our meeting room like today
Caption: and we can be a tentacle tonight is that
Caption: good so we've got a few things that
Caption: we've got to fix the underlying systems
Caption: to support these things which we're
Caption: working on as well so that was the first
Caption: part that was kind of the the very you
Caption: know based on key phrase very inflexible
Caption: and did you know I didn't think they
Caption: were gonna get people to use this if you
Caption: have to know the exact command because I
Caption: just imagine a fire enter and it's like
Caption: what's the thing I have to say to Jarvis
Caption: to make him do this and that's not why I
Caption: actually wanted so that's when I started
Caption: looking at these guys and what actually
Caption: if I can I'll take you through this
Caption: there's actually quite a lot to go
Caption: through in this sort of trying to get to
Caption: reasonably quickly but the way that this
Caption: stuff works is basically this I guess
Caption: three main concepts you have to be
Caption: familiar with its concept of entities
Caption: intense and contexts so with entities
Caption: that's kind of anything that you would
Caption: speak about in us our domain sense so
Caption: one example might be a secret och a lot
Caption: of a production so that might be an
Caption: essay the people refer to is prod life
Caption: whatever you know there's a bunch of
Caption: things with that's our entity and you
Caption: can go in to the entities and
Caption: define the entities that make sense in
Caption: your domain so for the feedback 1 you
Caption: know what you normally do with the bunch
Caption: of synonyms so for feedback is feedback
Caption: observation assessment and what you do
Caption: is you fill up the entities to sort of
Caption: define your environment and then the
Caption: intents are the way that it actually
Caption: works out what you're trying to say so
Caption: when you define an intent with an entity
Caption: you're basically saying to it you can
Caption: give it an exact English phrase so I'll
Caption: show you up so there's a feedback one
Caption: that does a demo so I'd like to give
Caption: some feedback at feedback feedback so
Caption: the feedback part there's the entities I
Caption: don't know why I doubled up on the word
Caption: feedback now this changes quite a lot
Caption: and that's just come in and since
Caption: yesterday so I'm not sure why it's doing
Caption: that but effectively I've defined intent
Caption: and then I can say things like why else
Caption: would people say this can I give some
Caption: feedback oh sorry
Caption: are you what they recommend is come up
Caption: with about four or five different ways
Caption: of seeing the same thing you know and to
Caption: give you some variety and then what that
Caption: will do in the background is when you
Caption: send messages to this thing which is
Caption: reading all the messages and if your
Caption: direct message it will work out given
Caption: the user sees statements that you've
Caption: provided and the answers provide any
Caption: sort of combination of that sort of
Caption: thing so if I was to say I'd like to
Caption: give some observation or assessment or
Caption: you can test it out over this side and
Caption: say try it now so I'm this one B I'd
Caption: love to give some feedback and then a
Caption: workout user says that the speech
Caption: response is okay so the intent to give
Caption: feedback it works at intent of what
Caption: you're trying to say so you can then
Caption: start saying things can I give Andrews
Caption: some feedback and it's actually working
Caption: out in the background you know I think
Caption: to high degree that you're saying this
Caption: it gets it's very goo to actually get
Caption: the law stuff you got to be careful when
Caption: you start getting a broader domain and
Caption: you can start to get the confuse
Caption: depending on how you train it and it
Caption: also monitors everything that you see to
Caption: it it can't satisfying as a history tab
Caption: that you can go through and say it'll
Caption: show you things like they said this and
Caption: I think they mean that but I didn't have
Caption: enough certainty to actually execute
Caption: that and you can go to and say yeah you
Caption: were right you were right you're right
Caption: and you can train the drug the vault
Caption: like that it there's dragons in there so
Caption: I mean you've got to be really careful
Caption: because it's really easy screw up and
Caption: things start getting a bit hairy so like
Caption: I say I just try it lightly keep up
Caption: close to me and try and make it specific
Caption: and try and keep the conversation sharp
Caption: just until you work out how it's going
Caption: so that's at API oai so everyone with me
Caption: on that yep good okay so obviously when
Caption: you wire up the ball I had before just
Caption: got a lot more requires this is actually
Caption: got some of the ones that we did we did
Caption: stuff with production incidents feedback
Caption: AWS bookings it was great we were able
Caption: to go in and say how much
Caption: we spent on AWS this month and I just
Caption: connected play the built-in came back
Caption: well you mean by account or do you mean
Caption: you know ec2 instances so we're able to
Caption: do that but the main difference in this
Caption: one it's largely the same
Caption: apart from the fact where this point
Caption: here it sends a request off to the API
Caption: AI service techs request you just send
Caption: all and what you actually end up doing
Caption: is getting back one of those actions
Caption: that you've defined in your intense and
Caption: then based on the action that you get
Caption: back you can then channel the
Caption: conversation and area you want we only
Caption: did it like first level so we use intent
Caption: engine and work out how to start a
Caption: conversation if you want to start
Caption: getting really clever with it you could
Caption: have intense being worked out as you go
Caption: along so that you start a conversation
Caption: then you can do this that way another
Caption: I'd imagine that's going to start
Caption: getting quite complicated but it's
Caption: definitely possible and and one other
Caption: thing I didn't touch on sorry on the API
Caption: AI interface is the notion of context
Caption: that was something that I kind of
Caption: learned I guess I've been aware of it is
Caption: something specifically learned going
Caption: through this as human beings it's really
Caption: easy for us to retain context for long
Caption: periods of time so an example is talk I
Caption: before every statement I haven't had to
Caption: precede it with I'm talking about
Caption: conversational either because you know I
Caption: haven't had to refresh the contact every
Caption: single time it's really hard for
Caption: programming computers to do that so API
Caption: AI have a concept of context and what
Caption: you can do is that your intent you can
Caption: create input context and a good context
Caption: and I like to do things like care when
Caption: you're having a conversation you may say
Caption: something like at please close the door
Caption: you know you're very specific about an
Caption: entity at the back and you clear intent
Caption: and they might have an output context of
Caption: door you know I'm talking about a door
Caption: right now so that if you follow that up
Caption: with a falling a statement of please
Caption: open that it knows well context about a
Caption: door so I'm alone from the door so
Caption: context we haven't played around with
Caption: too much because they start getting
Caption: complicated quite quickly it's in there
Caption: and you can do it so that's the intent
Caption: the contents and the entities are
Caption: highest level and again this is like I
Caption: say it basically we work out for the
Caption: response and we get back in action and
Caption: the actions we're coming back from API
Caption: AI and that determined which path we
Caption: followed to
Caption: the rest of the conversation right video
Caption: game now why do we got okay cool
Caption: SIL
Caption: Rory so what I learned along the way and
Caption: this is quite interesting so getting
Caption: started a super easy I guess the point
Caption: you come in and talk to you about this
Caption: stuff it was really cool it should be
Caption: fun to play with and like it really it's
Caption: all free and it's really little entry
Caption: and you kind of get that weird vibe that
Caption: you had when you pressure or webpages
Caption: you first started your first app code
Caption: this was actually something quite cool
Caption: so you know I'd recommend go and have a
Caption: look at the stuff that I've mentioned
Caption: today and it does get complicated really
Caption: quickly I don't want to undersell it
Caption: English is a really complicated language
Caption: to speak and understand so you know
Caption: doing basic stuff is super easy but you
Caption: just gotta have a really measured
Caption: approach therefore my trying to achieve
Caption: here and how am I going to do yeah
Caption: Christian Jones is that everyday um yeah
Caption: so like I mentioned before humans are
Caption: actually naturally good at we do all the
Caption: time without even thinking about it like
Caption: I'm a Scot I see things all the time and
Caption: I can use this health religion there's a
Caption: little bit of squint and they're
Caption: mentally processing what I just said and
Caption: then yeah I know it means this is what
Caption: we talking about we actually do on the
Caption: fly all the time so actually programming
Caption: intention and actually working there
Caption: again the current is reasonably easy in
Caption: a closed domaine when we're talking
Caption: about specific thing but when you add
Caption: talked about a broad topic you know we
Caption: could be jumping politics to score it
Caption: actually gets really quite difficult
Caption: quite hard quite fast story um and I
Caption: guess the thing that really interested
Caption: me the most is like going through all
Caption: this actually at about reading on where
Caption: current things are in the field of AI
Caption: and I've like really surprised how
Caption: progress they actually were we are
Caption: currently and I guess yeah I can be
Caption: broadly categorized in the three sort of
Caption: categories and the first of which was
Caption: called Ani which is artificial narrow
Caption: intelligence and that's we've had that
Caption: for a long time that's the same thing
Caption: like how you're going to Amazon buy a
Caption: book in the things you'll like this book
Caption: because you like that book it's very
Caption: specific close the main kind of stuff
Caption: and the next level long from that's
Caption: what's called AGI which is artificial
Caption: general intelligence and there's things
Caption: are moving towards that in the moments
Caption: and but that's
Caption: like dumb human AI which I guess gene
Caption: Watson could almost pass off us and you
Caption: know we're some of the reports I read
Caption: estimate were projected to have that
Caption: part where daily life as soon as 2020
Caption: the really scary one which is ASI which
Caption: is our official super intelligence
Caption: that's Skynet terminators that's an
Caption: artificial intelligence are the
Caption: collective intelligence of every human
Caption: being ever a lot of people think that
Caption: you know it's taken us this long to get
Caption: through Ani and that long to get to AGI
Caption: that'll take that long to get to yes
Caption: I've it's actually an ass curve and the
Caption: period of time the estimate between AGI
Caption: and ASI is actually reasonably sharp you
Caption: know you have intelligent programs going
Caption: from dumb human to all by are insane in
Caption: a really short space of time so it's an
Caption: interesting field and it's you know it's
Caption: cropping up everywhere at the moment
Caption: people to seek we now have an artificial
Caption: intelligence team that are working on
Caption: how can we implement this in our more
Caption: appointments and most importantly like
Caption: I've mentioned before it's really fun
Caption: just have a play around with it see what
Caption: you think and if you think about the
Caption: fact that there's millions of people
Caption: already on chat platforms and at the
Caption: moment the potential for this in terms
Caption: of integrating into a lot of people's
Caption: lives absolutely huge and yeah this is
Caption: one last point actually I felt I had to
Caption: mention that conversational use there is
Caption: a ridiculously hard to debug because if
Caption: you think about it you've actually
Caption: especially if they're warm if you have a
Caption: conversation as many points in it and
Caption: anything all that not quite right or
Caption: they've done it quite right in this
Caption: sense of slack you can't have to make
Caption: your adjustment and then go through the
Caption: process of talking through the
Caption: conversation again I mean that's how
Caption: we're doing at the moment I'm sure the
Caption: smarter ways of doing it and maybe test
Caption: both to talk to actual bots and I don't
Caption: know that at the moment it was really
Caption: bloody painful so yeah we need to look
Caption: at that a little bit I guess where can
Caption: see things going from here and well you
Caption: know it's happening already
Caption: KLM which is the European carrier and
Caption: you can now go into messenger book
Caption: fights through KLM believe you can order
Caption: Domino pizza through messenger as well
Caption: it's becoming more prevalent people are
Caption: embracing this and feeling comfortable
Caption: engaging with machines in this way the
Caption: interesting part is there's a bit of a
Caption: moral debate on whether or not we should
Caption: be calling out that their actual boss
Caption: there's a lot of psychological games
Caption: when people think that they're talking
Caption: to human they tend to leak more
Caption: information where they're a lot more
Caption: guarded when they think they're talking
Caption: to a machine so in snow do you call I'll
Caption: front hi I'm a bot you're talking about
Caption: or do you just let them believe it's
Caption: actually a human being to try and get
Caption: more information so like after learning
Caption: what I did I've now got this really
Caption: weird uncomfortable feeling whenever I
Caption: talk to a chat service it's like are you
Caption: a ball or a person they're like hahaha
Caption: I'm a person but that's a ball would say
Caption: so I am so yeah I usually throw in a
Caption: couple of that you're in test questions
Caption: in there and yeah and this is something
Caption: I think is gonna be really interesting
Caption: is that psychology is going to be this
Caption: part as much a part UX design as graphic
Caption: designer as well you know when you look
Caption: at the fields in your your linguistic
Caption: programming and the ways that you can
Caption: communicate with people and get them to
Caption: think and act in a certain way if we're
Caption: going to have program interfaces that
Caption: actually communicate with people in that
Caption: way then it's very real that
Caption: psychologists could have an integral
Caption: part and how to build these interfaces
Caption: so you de can assess some of the things
Caption: I think might happen and yeah I mean
Caption: that that's generally everything I've
Caption: got I'm not an expert in this this is
Caption: just something I play with in my spare
Caption: time and doing hackathon so happy to try
Caption: and answer any questions you might have
Caption: about this or but sea currents and I've
Caption: been doing but yep when you judge the
Caption: library
Caption: yeah it's time for an export is just
Caption: basically ng Savalas dissing that all
Caption: right there as they've got aware of it
Caption: being a standard intention for my rent I
Caption: like that was they have their formats
Caption: pretty basic but it changes a lot so it
Caption: might be something they might come also
Caption: huh
Caption: yes no I didn't because they weren't out
Caption: when I started and I can I gone a lot of
Caption: it than the past and then I had a brief
Caption: look at the Microsoft ball kit but it
Caption: seemed to just be a wrapper around Heidi
Caption: so we like an attraction of her
Caption: abstraction I thought well and I'm
Caption: people Heidi so and the mother yes yes
Caption: yes I do that so that's where I want to
Caption: take this am because there's kind of a
Caption: little bit uh I'm not sure how for the
Caption: morals are around this effectively this
Caption: ball is monitoring everyone seeks thing
Caption: all the time so that's got a bit of a
Caption: creepy vibe till already but I really
Caption: wanted to be proactive so rather than
Caption: waiting for somebody to say I'd like to
Caption: give some feedback I'd like it be
Caption: listening in and say hey sounds like you
Caption: know you guys did an awesome job
Caption: together would you like to give some
Caption: feedback you know you can definitely do
Caption: that I just haven't had the chance to
Caption: program I am yeah so yeah they could be
Caption: like my question around didn't know yeah
Caption: yeah he's only in our main flat channel
Caption: at the moment he's invited in a couple
Caption: of channels cuz he helps with certain
Caption: things but um yeah yeah that weird place
Caption: of that we're just going to try and feel
Caption: our way through it and see what feels
Caption: right you know as soon as it starts
Caption: feeling creepy or intrusive we'll
Caption: probably back off a little bit yep off
Caption: of the moment zones back yeah
Caption: what yeah apparently you haven't tried
Caption: it but you know as much as probably
Caption: theory about how an idea access their
Caption: like it move from different databases
Caption: that I just read will be some courts
Caption: with it basically but yeah there's
Caption: something some of the stuff that you do
Caption: in the program that seems very specific
Caption: to black but how difficult that is to
Caption: change it I'm sorry have to see
Caption: yeah thinking about things on a broader
Caption: scale what kind of like meta security
Caption: implications are there in terms of
Caption: people opting out from talking to both
Caption: for not having their information
Caption: whistles to by a Bob just because we're
Caption: on channel like it's very dilute in that
Caption: direction yeah so like I say for me that
Caption: there's a lot of gray area in there that
Caption: I think we have to spend a bit of time
Caption: thinking about and working out what
Caption: feels right I mean you know I see
Caption: companies do things like get you
Caption: familiar with a hot girl product you
Caption: guys at all hot are the product that you
Caption: can actually use to monitor your users
Caption: interactions and ideas gives you a
Caption: better picture of how people actually
Caption: interact with your site but it's also
Caption: got a bit of Crete where factor to that
Caption: you're monitoring called people do so
Caption: yeah I do have the answer to that I mean
Caption: at the moment I'm focused on how do I
Caption: actually get it working and then there's
Caption: probably a can of worms that will put up
Caption: about is this even right what are the
Caption: implications
Caption: how comfortable people to the people off
Caption: center out and it already is our Spartan
Caption: debate seeks and people have very strong
Caption: opinions one way or the other you know
Caption: we have to call the side of the ball
Caption: another people know all the way I'm
Caption: going to do II and why yeah we haven't
Caption: explored that fully yeah it's just more
Caption: of a hack at the moment
Caption: hola mami micro